All right, good morning family. I have
an urgency in my spirit right now
to pray, so I’m just
going to jump right into it and
intercede. There are some things happening
and I have an alert.
When I get these, I’m just letting you
all come in with me to pray over
the election in Pennsylvania
right now and the corruption I've seen.
Diana,
you
can just jump right in. I’m going to pray
in the spirit as I pray. If
you may not understand it, it’s the
baptism of the Holy Spirit. I don’t have time
to explain it today, but we’ll have more time
later.
Holy Spirit, we
flow for what
you have for us now. We yield ourselves
to you.
Father, we thank you.
We're not moved by emotion; we're moved
by what the spirit
says. Filled with and controlled by the Holy
Ghost now, pray through us even more, Holy
Spirit, as we yield
ourselves
to move.
We pray for the hidden things. We come in
boldly and we
pray for the hidden things.
In
the
stillness
of
the
night, we uncover those things by angelic
manifestation right
now. In the
stillness
of the night, we uncover
those
things. We see the trucks; we see the
ballots. I see you in
the spirit and I uncover you in the name of
Jesus.
We send the
angels now in Jesus'name for
manifestation of this war and the
corruption. We call for the corruption to be
found out in
Jesus'name.
Pennsylvania, you will not do
this, nor Virginia.
We rise up
in prayer. We take it.
As they make their move,
we thank you, Lord, that
the plans of the enemy
are
foiled.
It's not enough; they
underestimated.
Their plans are of the wicked and their minds
are reprobate. We call forth the mind to
be
healed
over the
reprobate mind. We pray over it, Father,
right now in the name of Jesus. This
demonic thinking, we bind that, Father, for
you said we wrestle not against flesh
and blood, but against principalities,
powers, and spiritual wickedness in high
places. Father, we take authority over
those devils right now in the name of
Jesus, over that reprobate
mind.
We render you completely
helpless now. We're going
to Texas
now. We're in Houston,
for
it will be decided in Houston,
Lord, by each county.
over Cruz, we pray over you in the
name of Jesus.
Over Austin, Texas; over
Austin, you've gone predominantly liberal
and we will not have this. We
turn it
now. Over Dallas, Fort Worth,
and
Arlington; over
Helotes,
San
Antonio.
Jesus, we're not moved by what we see
or
what we feel; we're moved by what the
word says, and we have the victory in the
name of Jesus.
Now we're going to Atlanta,
Georgia.
We take authority over the spirit of
racism in
Jesus'name.
We bind that spirit.
You're a foul
stench; get out of
here in the name of Jesus. Racism
will not do this. Father, we thank you for
a
mending
of the hearts.
There's great hurt in the hearts from
generation to
generation.
We minister to the
African-Americans in
the spirit.
We pray peace and call comfort over
their
hearts. We call for peace
and
restoration. Everything that was stolen,
Father, for the cankerworm has been found.
We call out that cankerworm
and say restoration of double in Jesus'name. Restoration of double
in the name of
Jesus
to make things right.
This will happen in the spirit.
The hearts
in the Deep South;
the
roots of heart
to be heard.
Is anyone listening to me?
All the way through
Chicago.
Father,
only you
can fix this,
Lord, by your grace, your mercy,
the anointing, and
the glory. The glory
breaks down the walls
of pain,
hurt,
and
bitterness.
A wave of glory on this nation
from coast to coast.
I call
for
a restoration
over the Hispanic community, the Latinos. Father, we pray for a revival over the Hispanic community. Father,
we call forth the
fire of God to visit
their churches and the people.
Over the
Cubans, over the Puerto
Ricans, we call forth a
supernatural visitation and
manifestation of the
glory. They have been lied to by so
many.
I thank you, Father, for great
discernment, not just hearing what we
want to hear, but hearing what you
say.
We're not being lied to by
the
enemy. Lord, you're showing me
so
much.
We speak for the Senate to be
red.
The embarrassment that they do not
want to face, they
are trying to cover
up out of
corruption.
It's in these
certain
counties. I'm looking at
individual corruption in the
counties,
swaying certain counties to go
blue,
trying
to control the vote
by
a margin,
a thin line of maybe 20,000 votes
placed
in strategic
places
so
it's not
detectable.
Father, let all hidden things be revealed.
We wake up the
Boomers in every culture, tribe,
and tongue. We wake up the
Boomers, the elderly generation, for they
will carry this one more
time.
Lord said, 'I only need one more
time,'for
there will be a beginning of a
quick
work. The manifestations of my glory will
come in a wave you've never
seen
before—a
great red
wave.
They underestimated it,
for they have a reprobate
mind. They are not thinking with the mind
of Christ; they think with a demonic
mind. Their math is
off. There's a spirit of confusion in
their
camp
and it rests heavily on them. As
they do corruption, the spirit of
confusion is heavy in the
camp—bickering
and strife
among
them. Where there is strife,
there is confusion
and
every evil
work. It's infiltrating their camps right
now.
The enemy
is not the
people; they have yielded themselves over to a
demonic
spirit. You're not wrestling against
people; this is an antichrist
spirit
opposing my word.
We're praying for their salvation
and
that
the blinders Satan has placed
over
the eyes of the
unbeliever be taken
off. We
pray for
unity and
peace, and
that
they would see
the
errors
in their
ways. It's not blue against
red; it's
light against
darkness.
We call
for their eyes to be enlightened, even
tomorrow
in
the
polling
booth.
Angels of the Lord, manifest
and make war against those demonic
spirits right now.
Father, we
thank you that even the
counties
in California are fed up. I see it.
Even the ones that would want to
sway to the far left
are
fed up with the
taxes and the
unfair treatment.
I see even great
Hollywood
celebrities saying
they're
frustrated with the way this is going
with Gavin
Newsom.
I call a red wave in
Jesus'name,
a turnout of red like they've
never seen before, because they want
hope and
change. But the
only one that will bring great change is
you,
through
preaching
righteousness and holiness,
not a
seeker-friendly
gospel. Break the chains,
Father.
As we go into Nevada and
Arizona, we pray for
Kari
Lake and the others, that they
come
out bolder and
stronger
with a backbone like a
crowbar.
We send angels in
the nighttime
when
corruption tries to be
at its
greatest. We call
for
an uncovering and exposing of things.
We call
for uncorrupt police to show
up and have the boldness
to
expose it,
abide by their oath and
the
stirring of a conscience
inside of them to blow the
whistle in the
darkness. We
pray
for the postal workers; if there is
corruption, let them
be found
out. If they
try to bury
or
burn the ballots, let
them
be found in
Jesus'name.
You've
shown
me the corruption in these people,
Father, but
we
call these things around
right
now.
I
saw
the
truck,
and
it was like an
unmarked
truck. But the Lord was saying to me,
'They
undershot.'They
were trying to be
sneaky, but they
undershot.
They don't have enough
time.
Especially in that
county—it’s
Pennsylvania.
I saw the number
23,000.
Father,
we take communion and
thank you
that all hidden things will
be revealed.
We
see
the red wave
starting
in
Michigan, Minnesota,
Illinois. I pray for a red wave in
Jesus'name,
an uncontainable
wave of
glory
upon this land from sea to shining
sea. I saw in the spirit a dark
storm upon the East Coast. Out
of this, I
saw four beautiful
white doves
circling
in
figure-eights.
The glory of the Lord was
resting on four doves. It
either
means
four years or four
consecutive
years.
The
storm was
violent, but there was light
in
Goshen.
I saw the
house again, with the
place being
prepared. Psalms 91 and Psalms
23.
He prepares a table before
me in the presence of my
enemies.
Surely
goodness and mercy follow us all the
days of our life.
We
stand in the gap
for America.
Father, you have a great plan
for
America. One last push.
A four-year window
here before Jesus Christ
comes.
We need a revival
beyond anything we can comprehend.
I feel the presence of the Lord.
Holy
Spirit, invade these people in
their homes.
Father,
you have one last call for
America. We pray for your hand
of judgment to be upon the
wicked.
Remove those that stand in the way of
your great revival.
One last
call for a harvest. Four
years.
The Holy Spirit represents
the
glory
that
descended
on Jesus like a
dove. We invite you.
Four years.
You give America four more
years for a supernatural harvest.
I
saw
those doves go into solid
light;
they became one big
light and
it dispatched over all the
glory.
It's spreading
over
Texas,
over Houston.
The glory of the latter
house will be greater than the former. Four years
of the
greater glory.
This is what
you've prayed for.
It started from Rosh Hashanah
to Rosh Hashanah.
First the blade, then the ear, then
the full
manifestation of the
glory.
This is your window. What will you
do with
the time
I've given
you? For my son's return is
imminent. The sun is
setting on this dispensation.
It's
time for you to
soar.
I saw the glory of the
Lord flowing in each individual
person as they come up higher to the
throne.
There's a special place
prepared for each
of
you.
It's by
grace. It's
a renewing of your mind.
Change
the way you think
because it's been in reprobate thinking.
You
allowed
the enemy to
tell
you that
you're not good
enough, but I've done it all.
I
see
everyone
sitting before the throne,
resting.
So you've got to take your
place.
He's coming
soon.
I'm going to give you one last
call.
Will you squander this
time
or will you march on and take the
land with
me? For the harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few. Who will help me bring in
my
harvest?
These are
no longer
last days;
I'm giving you seconds.
I am right at the
door.
It's
time for you
all to come up
higher.
Take the care out of the
prayer and shake off
the beggar's
cloak. Like blind Bartimaeus had to throw off the beggar's cloak.
In the spirit, you have to
take off the old leper's cloak
and come up
higher.
How
do
you see yourself? Bound
and
broken, or
seated with me in the heavenlies?
You can pluck like chickens or
soar like
eagles.
You
choose by renewing your mind
and
staying in prayer.
I
am
standing
at the
door.
He's coming through
the door. It's no longer
days;
it's
seconds.
He's given us a window.
I extended the grace.
I've given you a little
window, a fraction, and the
glorious church will rise out of it.
It's about the next Shemitah cycle. If
you
don't know what the
Shemitah
is, go read Rabbi Jonathan
Cahn's
book on the Shemitah. When the next
Shemitah
cycle ends in 2028, this is a great window.
What will you do with that timeframe?
It
has
everything
to do with
the
Shemitah
cycle. Father, we thank
you for your body that was broken for us.
We dedicate our lives to come
up higher
and shake off the beggar's
cloak. We
are
sons and daughters of the Most
High God. We will walk in
victory
and
light.
Let that light shine through us today.
Father,
we thank you for the blood. I
thank you, Lord, that
our eyes are being
flooded
with light.
We plead the blood over
America, Asia,
Africa,
Russia, and South America.
It's
time. I saw all
God's
children
sitting by his throne.
All different cultures, no race, no
color.
He doesn't see
through the eyes of stupidity;
he sees everyone
as
one.
The devil has tried so hard
to
blind
people with race, gender, and
age.
What will we do before the
next
Shemitah
cycle
in
2028?
He's coming
quick. If you haven't asked him
into
your heart, there are no more delays.
Say
a
simple prayer: 'Father, forgive me of
my sins. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life. I
believe you're the Son of
God.'Get
baptized, find a church,
stop sinning,
and
get in the Word
every day.
You
have
the
Great Commission
to
lay hands on the sick,
cast out devils, and raise the dead.
Do something
big before the next Shemitah cycle.
I'm going to keep doing these prayer
videos.
We're going to
have good
results in
Jesus'name.
We
plowed
like an
icebreaker
today.
I'm
never
in
a
hurry
when the presence is thick.
Why
worry
about
things that
don't
count
for
eternity?
Everything's about
eternity.
Some people focusing on earthly things will
realize
how
foolish they were.
I
don't
talk
about
the Thousand Years
because
I don't have scripture
to back up the specific things I've seen,
but it's
beautiful.
Everything's restored.
No smog, no pollution.
Vegetables the size of
beachballs.
We'll
be
in a glorified
body.
I'm
taking
these
doTERRA
peppermint
beads.
They help a lot.
I was focusing on those doves.
The glory went
out as they
spread
over the
earth. I saw a
fire going around
the middle
of
the
earth.
The Holy Spirit fire
spreading glory around the whole
earth. I believe each
dove
represents four years.
Jesus is standing at the door.
What will
you do with that window?
Subscribe
and
like
the
video.
We will
pray again tomorrow.
We're believing this
thing is over today
and
will
be called
quickly
in
Jesus'name.
God bless you all.